# Dissertation
Electric vehicles have gradually become a trend in development, and their future is widely viewed favorably due to their relatively low environmental impact compared to traditional vehicles, and supportive policies are being strengthened in various regions. And as buses are the mainstream of urban public transportation, the promotion of electric buses is also imperative. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to design a model that solves for the priority bus routes that can be electrified under the cost optimization, as well as to determine the location, equipment size and total construction cost of charging stations that can meet the charging demand of the routes. This study uses Great Manchester as a case study to analyze its electrification process. The results show that without subsidies or taxes, Great Manchester could naturally electrify 86 routes, accompanied by 11 charging stations. And through a sensitivity analysis of subsidies and taxes as parameters, the main conclusion is that taxes on diesel bus are more effective in promoting the electrification of Great Manchester's bus network.

Through the analysis of the model results, the electrification results of GM are feasible and have reference value. This also shows the rationality of the model. The model's parameters are basic bus operation data, and the calculation time is still within the operating range of normal performance computer, which means that it could be widely used to other cities’ bus network. The model can be used as an operational decision tool for bus agents or as a reference for government decision makers to set subsidies or taxes’ specific value. In addition, this study still needs further coordination with local authorities and bus agents for feasibility of context-specific route selection and charging station location. 
